Fix typos, grammar, spelling and factual mistakes in the documentation (#203)
FPGA-Research-Manchester/FABulous: docs/source/FPGA-to-bitstream/VPR compilation.rst

VPR compilation
===============

> Compile BLIF to FASM by VPR ..|larr| architecture.xml + routing_resources.xml

Reviewer: As above, maybe worth making this clearer - something like

```suggestion
VPR can compile a circuit in BLIF format to FASM (the FPGA Assembly format, describing a concrete list of features on a specific FPGA fabric to be enabled) using the architectural description in architecture.xml and routing_resources.xml
```

Author: Same as above, do we keep it with the new formulation or remove it? I think it's a good summary of what VPR does from a user perspective.

Reviewer: I would say the paragraph directly below it is already a decent summary of the page, so the two paragraphs are just repeating each other at the moment. Could drop one or merge them, up to you!

Author: Yeah you're right, only the `BLIF` is missing. I will add it to the exisiting paragraphs.

> Compile BLIF to FASM by VPR ..|larr| architecture.xml + routing_resources.xml

Author: Yeah, this should have been it, but when I built it, it didn't work, so I replaced it in a more recent commit. At least, that's what I thought. I'm currently not working, but I will check it once I get back to it. Thanks for pointing it out!

> Compile BLIF to FASM by VPR ..|larr| architecture.xml + routing_resources.xml

Author: Fixed, thanks again for spotting it!
